## JerryScript debugger interface

JerryScript provides a remote debugger which allows debugging
JavaScript programs. The debugger has two main components:
a server which is part of the JerryScript binary and a
separate client application. Currently two debugger clients
are available in the /jerry-debugger subdirectory: an HTML
and a python application. These simple applications demonstrate
the communication protocol between the client and server and can
be reused by integrated development environments.

## Setting up the debugger server

The following arguments must be passed to `tools/build.py`:

`--jerry-debugger=on --jerry-libc=off`

At the moment only a websocket based implementation is provided
by JerryScript which transmits messages over TCP/IP networks.
This implementation requires a socket API which has not been
supported by jerry-libc yet so the standard libc is used instead.
In the future any reliable stream or datagram based protocol
can be used for transmitting debugger messages.

## Debugging JavaScript applications

The debugger client must be connected to the server before the
JavaScript application runs. On-the-fly attachment is not supported
because the debugging information (e.g. line index of each possible
breakpoint location) is not preserved by JerryScript to reduce
memory consumption. The client is expected to be run on a system
with much more resources and it should be capable of storing
this information instead of JerryScript. Hence debug information
is discarded after it is transmitted to the client.

The following argument makes JerryScript to wait for a client
connection:

`--start-debug-server`

It is also recommended to increase the log-level to see
the *Waiting for client connection* message:

`--log-level 2`

The HTML client can connect the IP address of the server by
the `connect IP-address` command. The IP address can be
localhost if the server and client run on the same machine.

After the connection is established breakpoints can be inserted
and the execution can be controlled by the debugger. All available
commands can be queried by `help`.
